---
layout: post
title:  "Testside"
date:   2017-11-15 20:01:24 +0000
categories: jekyll update
comments: true
---
Since the task was issued english I'll answer it in english as well.

## What do you think of pre-compiling your CSS?
1. Compare to regular CSS
2. Which techniques did you use?
3. Pros and cons?

1. Compared to regular CSS using a pre-processor enables us to organize the code in a more comfortable manner, using variables, functions and referencing them all the way through your style files. Dividing the SCSS files into several smaller files such as layout and base makes the individual files much easier to navigate.
2. As I've used the template for Minima I've used the variables already set up and briefly created a file _header.scss and the idea to divide the _layout.scss file even further, however I ultimatley decided not to.
3. Unless properly organized it will be a lot harder to work with and it is a bit harder to get into that pure CSS but after that I'm only seeing the benefits in using pre-processors. Functions, variables and dividing the files for a more organized and streamlined development process

## What do you think of static site generators?
1. What type of projects are they suitable for?

1. The SSG, increases the difficulty yet another step when first creating your templates, however beyond that stage the SSG allows you to divide and assemble html pages with relative ease. So suitable projects for using SSG would be anything where primarily the main content is what differs from page to page whilst the main layout remains the same, such as newsletters and e-mail services. If not for the sheer size of sites like youtube and the time it would take to rebuild after any change it would also be a suitable candidate.


## What is robots.txt and how have you configure it for your site?

## What is humans.txt and how have you configure it for your site?

## How did you implements comments to blog posts

## What is Open Graph and how do you make use of it?

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
